leg buddy what ha how you doing man oh
hey Gary what's going on oh I see the
speech classes you said you were gonna
take yet they seem to really be panning
out in your favor man I mean I mean I
know sometimes that shit doesn't work
but it's it's it's working man it's
working gay i'm actually kind of busy
can you catch me I think normally you're
all your you were spinning engine oh oh
man good times haha thank you you were
so retarded man i read oh you you were
acting like an asshole all time go now
oh I mean I Oh busy how did you make
your invite what the hook how'd you even
get this job man how to do that well hmm
what's all this ruckus I won't have this
kind of tomfoolery taking place in my
office now you listen here Gary I need
you to go down to the store for me to
get some office supplies come on now get
going link take off that hat but I I
always wear mine no I don't care take it
off Oh God put it back on put it back on
disgusting absolutely disgusting here
try this when you get the chance the
quarter-sized amount even these
quite a problem then we
lick just the man I wanted to see it
how'd that hair cream work out for you
yeah well actually chatted on it's not
really doing anything yet but I'll keep
working at it
well then just keep working at it you
can keep your head for now oh don't
forget about the mandatory Halloween
party tonight I'm assuming you're gonna
show up because otherwise you're fired
oh I wouldn't miss that for the world in
fact I've been planning this for weeks
don't worry I'll be there always good to
hear some enthusiasm for my employees
well I'll see you around like two can
you believe he's all excited about this
party I mean seriously every year it's
the same shit it's always like oh my god
guys the Halloween border there are so
much fun we're going to be bobbing for
apples aren't you didn't carry record
what bullshit man it's total absolute
bullshit seriously if it weren't for the
fact that there's an open bar and that
Monica from accounting doesn't wear
underwear to this thing I'd say the hell
with this like seriously total balls
wouldn't get it this is gonna be awesome
what are you coming at what what am I
going as I'm going is the guy who's
drunkish shit I'm going as the guy with
a point to alcohol level I'll be the
zombie from beyond the grave who's
plastered out of his mind that's that's
that's what I'm going as dude I mean
what no one dresses up for this thing
it's a stupid stupid party what wait
like what all right are you dress are
you dressing up for this yeah isn't
everybody I just said everyone's not
dressing up for this thing you asshole
why on earth would people be dressing up
for this office party all we do is we go
up and we appease the boss says we have
to do and we get a little drunk and then
we leave that's it okay all right all
right for you what are you planning on
going as you'll see
Gary what are you doing everyone's
trying to have fun I mean why are you
sitting around like you haven't got a
friend in the world I perhaps oh
apparently shampoo isn't covered by
those things yeah
now where's link that's a fellow who
doesn't have a good time
oh hey that was my pumpkin excellent
work their length why don't we all
together celebrate this joyous Halloween
by carving out pumpkins hover own hey I
want to do on
hey link I just wanted to come over here
to tell you that I knew you wouldn't
disappoint me tonight add about the
great halloween parties we've had around
this office this one it just really
takes the cake I mean all the great
decorations on the walls and the
pumpkins everyone's carving and monica
from accounting inner thighs in the way
they just meet her buttocks when at the
miniskirt men but what I'm really trying
to say is you've done a great thing
tonight if you just really have thank
you you're very welcome and don't worry
about the door over there that's what
cheap immigrant laborers for I'll see
you around the office tomorrow hey link
yeah Gary I I just want to say man that
at this party didn't totally suck and I
mean it was like all thanks to you and
like about for jagermeister and six
shots tequila and uh lee miller lites
and this container of vodka they're
often I know where you going with this
guy what am I going with this Nick yeah
Gary that that's the question I asked
you just now oh right all right all
right well I'm trying to say man is you
do good job in it like like seriously
freaking seriously good job thank you k
no problem well I guess
see in the office tomorrow you probably
aren't gonna see me I'm gonna be so
hungover if if not coma well good luck
with that
yeah good luck you being you
you